[ Music ]
>> In my last conversation
with Dr. Joe Dispenza,
affectionately known
to us as Dr. Joe,
we spoke about the mystery
of the placebo effect
among other things.
Today we're going to dive into
the deeper end of the pool
and speak about our non
physical, non linear self.
The awakening of the
pineal and Kundalini.
To understand the brain, we
have to embrace the notion
that our mind is not our brain
as mainstream science
would have us believe.
So, welcome back, can't wait.
The last one was on fire.
I love this.
When we start getting
into the non physical,
non linear space time past
lives that aren't past lives,
which we're going to
get into and so forth.
I start getting super juiced up.
This is the terrain I love.
And so, first of all, let's
talk about the human being
in our non linear continence.
What that means, what
that is, where it lives.
And then we're going to have an
interface with us and so forth.
>> Joe Dispenza: So, on the
last show we were talking about,
you know, we were
watching people's brains.
Trying to change their
brains what most people do.
We actually try to use
our ego to change our ego.
Try to use the program
to change the program.
And it's like we're
fighting against ourselves.
And if you see a brain
scan of somebody do that,
the brain actually goes
more into hyper coherence,
more into conscious
beta, high beta thinking.
In other words
>> Monkey brain.
>> Joe Dispenza: They are
actually getting more they're
analyzing themselves
within their emotions
that they've memorized.
And basically they're analyzing
or thinking in the past.
And it drives their brain
further out of balance.
So, when I saw this it was
a classic moment for me
because I couldn't
take my eyes off it.
I kept thinking about it.
And how we've all
tried to do this.
And so, in our work, what
we teach people how to do is
and when the brain is doing that
you get very narrow focused.
You get very object focused.
You obsess about something
a problem, a thing.
You get your loop.
And it causes our awareness
to really to become very very,
what's called convergent.
And what the research has
shown, both in our work
and other work is that when you
teach people how to become aware
of the space around them in
space, and all of a sudden,
the brain starts to
get more organized.
When the brain moves into
that hyper coherent state,
different compartments of the
brain that are normally talking
to each other no
longer communicate.
>> See that's funny, because
when you say hyper coherent,
most people think of
coherence as a good thing.
A balancing thing.
>> Joe Dispenza: Right.
Right. So, good coherence
means there's a good rhythm.
There's rhythm, there's
synchrony, there's order,
there's a pulse, there's a beat.
Hyper coherence means
it's too fast
and it's two brains working.
It's hyper incoherent,
we should say.
>> That's right.
>> Joe Dispenza: So, in that
state of hyper incoherence,
when the stress chemicals
are running when you're
under stress, and I'm under
stress, we become very selfish.
That's what those hormones do.
We think that we're our bodies.
We think that we're our
identity identifying
with the environment.
And we think we're
living in linear time.
That's what those hormones do.
If a zebra is being chased
by the lion, she's saying,
"I got to take care of my body.
I got to put my awareness on it.
Where am I and how
am I going to go
and how much time do
I have to get there."
So, think.
Majority of people that live
their lives, spend their life
in these limited altered states.
Which psychology calls, normal
states of consciousness.
They're altered states.
So then, just like
you and I we're living
in that selfish state endorsing
the ego to become selfish,
self-indulgence,
self-important, self-centered,
self-aggrandizing, you
know - self-absorbed.
The brain does the
exact same thing.
The neurons in the brain
that should be communicating
in networks across
the vast landscapes.
All of a sudden they say,
"There's an emergency,
so I'm going to close down and
my neighborhood is not going
to talk to this neighborhood.
This community is not going
to talk to this community.
This whole state or
region is not going
to talk to that region."
The brain starts to become
very subdivided, right?
So that's a very
incoherent state.
And it sends a very
incoherent signal
down the central nervous system,
which creates a very incoherent
message to the immune systems
and the digestive systems and
the cardiovascular system.
It's a group of people playing
drums that have no rhythm.
And the body really begins
to suffer the effects
because the central
nervous system controls
and coordinates all
the other systems.
So then, as it sends a
signal to the immune system,
the immune system is
saying, "I don't know how
to make white blood
cells with that signal.
I don't know how
to keep the timing
between my digestion working.
I don't know how to
keep my own heart
in balance with the brain."
And so, the body
begins to suffer.
So, when people begin
to put their awareness,
an open a divergent focus
instead of a convergent focus
that opening of attention.
What people don't realize is
this is who you really are.
Right?
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza: So, this field
around your body is
who you really are.
When you're functioning
by the hormone of stress,
you're more particle
and less energy.
You're more matter
and less wave.
That's the function of
what those hormones do.
We become materialist, right?
We define reality
with our senses.
So energy contracts.
So then when you begin to put
your awareness around the space
around your body in space,
that field around your
body is consciousness.
That's who we really are.
The moment you put your
awareness on that consciousness,
on that space something
amazing happens.
The brain starts
getting very orderly.
And you're no longer
using the brain
to try to change the brain.
You're no longer
using the ego to try
and change the brain or the ego.
Or you're not using the program
to try to change the program.
You're using consciousness
to change the program
of the brain and the ego.
Because this is you.
And so, some people would
say, "Well, that's not me.
I can't feel that."
And I'd say, "Well, you don't
feel your nose unless you put
your awareness on it.
You don't feel your little
toe unless you become aware
of it, right?"
So if you don't put your
awareness on this field,
wherever you put your attention
or wherever you have you
put your awareness is
where energy follows.
Energy follows awareness.
So, the moment you start putting
your awareness and attention
on this sphere around
you, now you're beginning
to introduce yourself
to who you are.
You're starting to get
acquainted with the true self.
And when we study that on the
scans, we saw the brain all
of a sudden having
dominion over the program.
Having ability to
change the brain.
Because consciousness
is the only thing
that can change the brain.
>> Let's talk about
that for a moment.
Because you're referring
to the test that were done
with Jeffrey [inaudible]and the
across the team [inaudible].
One is doing neuron feedback,
and the other is measuring the
field at large of the physical
of the body and of
the surrounding.
>> Joe Dispenza: Sure.
We're not doing neuron feedback.
We are using quantitative EEG
to really see where people were.
>> Right. So, those are
the just for clarification,
those are the tests
you were talking about.
So when people start connecting
with their non linear selves
by intention, what
does that look
like on the EEG, for example.
>> Joe Dispenza: Well, the
first thing that happens is
that you start seeing the
analytical thinking neocortex
starting to settle down.
So now you're no
longer analyzing it.
So the moment you're no longer
analyzing, your brain waves move
from of course beta to alpha.
Now, when you're functioning
by the hormones of stress,
you believe that the
outer world is more real
than the inner world.
That's the seduction.
In other words, when the brain
is in high arousal state.
We're functioning
and determining reality
with our senses.
So because we're functioned
by our senses, we're focusing
on the particle of the
atom instead of the wave
and possibility, right?
So then everything
collapses into the known.
So, when you shift
your awareness
to the space surrounding you
and the space it means
that you can't think.
And when you sense
this space around you,
you're not thinking,
you're sensing.
And what happens is the thinking
in the neocortex
tends to slow down.
And the brain waves
tends to get slower.
You start producing what's
called alpha brain waves.
And in alpha, alpha is
the imaginary world.
It's where the inner worlds
starts becoming more real
than the outer world.
And the way we learn
is we learn information
and then we're in beta.
We're in low levels of beta.
We're in beta right
now, we're relaxed.
If I said to you,
"Hey, listen to me,
you can't eat lunch unless
you take a test that I have.
It's 75 questions and
then we can eat lunch."
>> That takes you
into high beta.
>> Joe Dispenza:
Like I got to perk up
and listen to what he says.
But if you're freaked out,
erotic, emotional, insecure,
frustrated, guilty, judgmental,
you're going into
high range beta.
And now, no new information can
enter into the nervous system
that isn't equaled
to the emotion.
In other words, the
brain never has a chance
to consolidate knowledge because
it's not a time to learn.
It's a time to run.
So there's a tiger
around the corner,
it's time for emergency, right?
>> We talked about
this last time,
just we touched on
it a little bit.
And that's why most
people can't break
that program [inaudible]
as you say trauma.
>> Joe Dispenza: Right.
>> Something even louder
that's already there.
>> Joe Dispenza: Right.
So then, when we begin to
teach people how to break
that addiction and then slow
the body back down again,
and their brain is moving
from beta down the steps
and in they're going
inward that alpha pattern.
And is when you can consolidate
new circuits in your brain.
So, like I know when
I'm lecturing
that people are getting
information
because I'll develop
a concept or an idea.
And as I develop the
concept or idea they'll go
from the outer world
listening me to the inner world
of actually consolidating
the knowledge.
They'll pause and their
brain will move into alpha.
And when it happens, the
brain stores the circuits.
Stores it in circuitry.
So, when we learn
we move into alpha.
So, if you're in high beta,
you never ever get any
new information in there.
So, in alpha, the
imaginary world,
the inner world,
becomes more real.
And what we noticed
on our scans is
that the beta patterns
tend to slow down.
We start to get these really
broad healthy alpha patterns.
And the person now
is creating coherent,
orderly rhythmic patterns.
And different compartments of
the brain are shaking hands.
Different areas of the brain
the left side is talking
to the right side.
The front is talking
to the back.
All of a sudden we're getting
this psychic union going on.
And different neighbors are
saying, she's out of the way.
Right? I mean, every
time I leave my body,
the first thing my
body always says is,
thank God he's out of the way.
And I see my body laughing
while I'm standing there
because it's relieved.
The operators had a
chance to heal, you know?
So, then exactly what happens
is that the moment that we're
out of the way, the
moment we're not our body.
No longer we're not
our identity.
No longer we are not in
our environment or sort
of putting our awareness
on the external world.
The brain tends to get more
orderly and more coherent.
And different compartments
of the brain begins
to say, he's selfless.
He's not himself any longer.
And so, there's a
coherence in orderliness.
And we start getting
this synchronization
that takes place in the brain.
And what syncs together,
links together.
And when you're stressed
and insecure and emotional,
that fragmented personality
keeps a person powerless
because it's like having a
multiple personality disorder.
But experiencing all
the personalities
at the same time
we've all been there.
Meditation allows that
kind of orderliness.
And when the front
starts talking to the back
and the sides start
talking to the sides,
you start feeling
more like yourself
than you felt in a long time.
And all of a sudden, all of the
things that you were stressing
about no longer have
any value any longer,
because you've taken
your attention off them
and the body settles down.
Now, that coherent
and orderly signal
from the brain sends a very
coherent and orderly message
down the central nervous system.
Which controls and
coordinates all of the systems.
And also, the immune
system says, "Wow,
that's a great rhythm."
All of a sudden, there's a group
of guys playing really great
drums and the orchestra,
the symphony now is
playing in unison.
And the cells are getting very
organized symphonic messages.
So, the immune system starts
making some really healthy white
blood cells.
But the digestive
system starts working.
It's timing better.
And then all of a sudden
the heart is starting
in harmonics with the brain.
And you start experiencing
well being.
And so the moment you start
experiencing well being,
you go from tissue break down
to catabolism, degeneration.
Into a state of regeneration,
anabolism, tissue repair.
Even the brain cells
start growing.
Everything starts growing.
Cortical thickness
starts to happen.
Cortisol levels drop.
Stress genes are
dysregulated and down.
They're shut off, they're
dampered down and all
of a sudden the body starts
expressing a greater level
of health.
And now all of a sudden you
go from particle to wave.
And the energy starts
to move into the heart.
And all of a sudden we start
seeing chakra centers lining up.
And the person all of a sudden
now starts having energy
from the body as the mind.
Because that's where
all of it's stored.
The body is freed from
the chains of the past.
And the moment that happens
the side effect is called joy.
And that energy starts
moving from hormonal centers.
In other words, if you're
no longer a sexual identity.
You're no longer digesting food.
And you're no longer stressing
and feeling out of balance.
All those energy
centers all of a sudden
that energy has to go somewhere.
So, it starts to
move into the heart.
You start to fall in
love in the moment.
You want the moment to last.
Your body is feeling enriched.
And all of a sudden your
heart starts to open.
The energy starts
moving back to the brain.
And it's moving out of the body
and you're generating
a bigger field.
And then all of a sudden
you will be able to focus
on possibility because you're
taking your attention off the
particle and now you're
focusing on the 99 percent
of the possibility that
the atoms is made up.
And you're beginning
to select new ideas,
new paradigms, knew
creative states.
And so, before brain
starts to work,
think constructing new
[inaudible] in the patterns.
And you see the person
moving into a creative state.
And then all of a
sudden they're different.
They are in a different state
of expression in their brain.
>> The key part is
you just touched
on it a bit ago is how
we intent with intention,
how we begin linking up and
accessing that part of self.
Because that part of self also
is connected to the field.
All the information is there.
Anything you need can be brought
through from this self,
through to this self.
So, let's talk about
the link up process.
The conscious link up process.
>> Joe Dispenza: Well, this
is a great conversation.
So, I'm speaking from my present
state of ignorance, of course.
But, we have that we have two
aspects of our consciousness.
You know, we have our
subjective consciousness.
That's the free willed
entity called you and me,
that has a soul, that's on
a journey back to source.
That gets to like in this like.
Gets to be happy.
Gets to be sad.
Gets to choose or not choose.
It's a free willed being.
That is our subjective
consciousness.
That's this field
around us that exists
around us beyond space and time.
It's premeasured.
But it's an electric
magnetic field.
Then, there is that
objective consciousness
that exists beyond
space and time.
That's observing all
of this to reality.
And that objective
consciousness is very sensitive
to how we think and feel.
Thoughts are electric.
And feelings are magnetic.
And how you think and how
you feel called the state
of being broadcast an
electromagnetic signature
that influences every
single atom in your life.
So if you're walking
around every day frustrated
and suffering, thinking
and feeling that way,
what you're saying to that
objective consciousness has a
subjective creator.
Okay divine intelligence,
giver of life,
who endorses who I'm being.
I'm expressing a certain
level of suffering today.
So now I'm creating suffering
in my life but bringing it away
in that I least expect.
That surprises me and leaves
no doubt that it's come
from you, so I can suffer more.
So that's karma.
And karma happens every day.
Because we are thinking and
feeling, in the same way,
we keep creating the same
external environment.
We create that same
We react in the same way
of thinking and feeling.
That same thinking and
feeling then reinforces
that same environment.
And there's a tango between the
outer world and the inner world.
And that's called karma.
Break the addiction
to the emotion.
Change your habituations
of thought and actions.
Change your feelings
that you've memorized.
And then all of a
sudden, there is no karma.
See, we're not punished
for our sins,
we're punished by our sins.
So then the subjective
consciousness when it marries
with or unifies with that
objective consciousness,
the only way it responds
is to how we're being.
So, you don't pray for your
prayers to be answered.
You get up as if you're
prayers are already answered.
That state of being
is a level of energy
that transforms every
single atom in your life.
The thoughts sends
the signals out
and the feeling draws
the event to you.
So if you're living in
a state of gratitude,
what you're saying is, the
event has already happened.
And now, if I start thinking
about when it's going to happen
or how it's going to happen,
I just return back
to the old self.
A new self would
never think that way.
So then, the marriage
of subjective consciousness
free willed you and I,
with that objective
consciousness
who endorses who we are.
Basically, how we think and
feel, is a loving intelligence.
And intelligent love.
So then, it has an
electromagnetic frequency.
And when you emulate it as
a creator in other words,
you can't create from a
guilty lacking selfish person.
That's not the qualities
of the divine.
If you're going to create,
you better emulate the divine.
And what are the
qualities of the divine?
A loving intelligence,
and intelligent love.
It's got a will that's so
much greater than our will.
It has a mind that's so
much greater than our mind.
It's got a love for life
that's so much greater
than our love for life.
It is a consciousness
instead of awareness.
It's observant of who we are.
So then it has it has one
rule: I honor free will
and I will endorse
who you're being.
So then when you and I
connect to that intelligence
by changing how we
think and feel,
what is the greatest
ideal of ourselves?
When you move into that elegant
state of being and you're
in the present moment.
And you're feeling
empowered, and divine
and enriched and enthusiastic.
And now it's time to
create what you create
from that state of being.
You're emulating the observer.
And what you're saying
as an observer.
Take a look at what
I'm observing.
I'm being like I'm
emulating you.
So now, I'm looking you're
looking down the telescope.
I'm the lens of the telescope.
And let's magnify
that into our life.
When that alignment takes place,
then and you feel connected
to something greater.
You would never try
to force the outcome.
You would never try to
control the outcome.
You only do that when your
living by the hormones of stress
because you feel severed
from possibilities.
When you are connected
and your heart is open
and you're feeling
something greater,
you trust in the unknown.
You already know it's happening.
You don't know how
it's going to happen
or when it's going to happen.
But that's not our job.
So then, there's a delicate
balance that has to take place
in the creative model, between
intention and surrender.
Intention is getting
clear in what you want.
But then surrender means you're
trusting in a greater mind
that infinite objective
of intelligence,
to organize in a way
that's right for you.
I always say, it's like
going to a restaurant.
You place your order.
Once you place your
order, you don't get up
and chase the waiter
around and go in the kitchen
and have someone to cook.
>> That's exactly.
That's what we do on every
other creation in life.
>> Joe Dispenza: Well, you
got to place your order,
you got to get out of the way.
And in the moment you
step back in and try
to control the outcome, you
just doubted your creation.
>> Absolutely.
>> Joe Dispenza: So, this
is what's taken me so long,
in my own personal life, to get.
We have to have lay down the
very thing we used our whole
life to get what we want for
something greater to happen.
>> Absolutely.
>> Joe Dispenza:
That's such a paradox.
In the moment you step
in, it honors free will.
So then, the person who's the
new aged person who's saying,
"Well, I'm just going to wait
for my Maserati to come to me."
This is not how that works.
Once you move into
a new state of being
and you're creating well,
in other words only
gold creates gold.
Lead doesn't create gold.
And our job is to take
those base emotions of anger
and resentment and
fear and anxiety.
Those base emotions, and
translate them into gold.
Because right on the other
side of our pain is freedom.
Right on the other side of
our lack is wealth among us.
Right on the other side
of our fear is courage.
It's the same energy.
It's just trapped in the body.
And when we transmute
that energy
into something else, right?
Now, we have available energy to
begin to design a destiny with.
So then a person who moves into
that elegant state of being,
where they're expanded.
Rich and they're
in love with life.
Then, they can't go
back to the old self.
You know? Because that is
their new state of being.
So then, if you practice
that every day,
sooner or later it's going to
begin to become familiar to you.
>> And you may feel it.
You may see things.
You may hear from it.
I mean, there are means of
communications that can be set
up as going through
that process.
>> Joe Dispenza: So then,
if you're creating wealth,
and you're in the state
of being of abundant,
you better not be
thinking lacking thoughts.
Because an abundant
person would never do that.
You can't demonstrate that
you're not making choices
because you believe that
there's not enough lack of time,
lack of energy, lack of money.
A wealthy person would
never think of it.
You can't feel unworthy
and lacking if you're going
to be a wealthy person.
So by very logic and reason.
You got to lay that down and
move into this state of being.
Now once you're in that
state of being, you can't sit
on the coach and wait
for the phone call.
Once you're in that
state of being,
you got to start making
choices into the unknown
from that state of being.
You got to trust in the unknown.
The moment you don't
make the choice,
you just doubted your creation.
You return back to the known.
And so, people then when
you're in that state of being,
the miraculous happens
when you say, "Okay.
I'm going to go for it."
But you're not going
to go for it
because you're a
limited emotional self.
You're going to go for it
as your unlimited self.
And you begin to
make those choices
as you step out to the unknown.
That's when the miraculous
happens, when you say,
"Oh my God, I am so glad
I made that choice."
But then, waking up in the
morning then priming your brain
and body to make that
change is the key.
There's two times, the door to
the subconscious mind, opens up.
Excuse me.
When we wake up in the morning,
and when we go to bed at night.
>> Right. In the
cross over place.
>> Joe Dispenza:
Because you're brain goes
from deep delta brain
waves to theta brain waves
to alpha brain waves
to beta brain waves.
Why? And when you go to bed
at night, it goes from beta
and alpha to theta to delta.
And if you can't get there,
you're stuck in high beta.
It's because you're driving the
sports car in first gear, right?
Some people do whatever
they can to get down there.
So, the brain chemistry works
in accordance with this.
So, when you wake up in the
morning and the receptors
in the back of your eye pick up
light, the moment that happens,
your optic nerves sends a
signal to the pineal gland.
And the pineal gland
starts making serotonin.
And serotonin is the
daytime neurotransmitter.
In other words, serotonin
gets you up and going.
Gets your brain turned on.
The moment it starts
getting dark at night,
and your eye is no longer
picking up physical light,
the mechanism starts to change.
And now, because
there's less light,
the optic nerve sends a
signal to the pineal gland.
And the pineal gland
takes serotonin
and starts carving off
a couple [inaudible]
and turns it into melatonin.
And melatonin is the nighttime,
you know, transmitter.
So "ser" gets you
up in the morning
and "mel" puts you
to bed at night.
Now, when serotonin increases,
your brain wave patterns
go into beta.
That's because you're going
to pay attention more
into the outer world.
When you're in meditation
and you close your eyes
and you eliminate light
and it's dark in the room.
When you play music
in the background.
And you put ear plugs in.
You're getting less sensory data
coming in from your environment.
So your cortex is not so
preoccupied with trying
to create meaning between the
outer world in the inner world.
You're forgetting
about the outer world
and the inner world is where
you're cultivating something.
So then, when you close your
eyes and do your meditation,
then your brain waves
move into melatonin.
But if you're waking up in
the morning and you're waking
up in five in the
morning, guess what?
Your brain waves will probably
will be in theta or alpha.
That's you and your
subconscious.
>> Right.
>> Joe Dispenza: You
pass the beta thinking.
Right? When you go to bed
at night I have friends
that are artists and playwrights
and musicians they stay
up till two in the morning.
They love that at 11 o'clock
till two in the morning,
they're in nighttime,
they're in alpha.
You got all these
creative ideas.
There's you know me,
I'm a morning person.
I wake up.
I'm up at 4:30, or
5 in the morning.
It's my time to create.
I set aside a certain amount
of time that's my time.
Because the rest of
the day I'm serving.
So I'd like to get myself
right in the morning, right?
So, doing that then begins
to alter brain wave patterns.
Now, if you move
from beta to alpha,
there'll come an amazing moment.
But if you do this right,
you'll slip into theta.
Now theta is when your body is
asleep but your mind is awake.
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza: So,
think about this.
If your body is asleep
and you've conditioned it
to be the mind through
addictions or habits,
the moment the body is asleep,
it's no longer the mind.
So there's no longer
any resistance.
And that's where instantaneous
change takes place.
If you go too far,
you slip into delta.
And that's called deep sleep.
Restorative sleep.
And people say to me, "Well,
I really can't meditate."
And I say, "Really?
Where do you meditate?"
"Oh, in bed."
>> Yes, well.
>> Joe Dispenza: Get out of bed.
Because you're going
to go right to delta.
So then, what we noticed
in our research to finish
that other thought is that
there comes a moment when you're
in that incoherent
level of alpha.
And then all of a sudden
you slip into theta.
when theta turns on,
all of a sudden we start seeing
this amazing change take place.
The body becomes so relaxed.
And the energy center the
sympathetic nervous system
switches on.
But instead of switching
on, like you're being chased
by a tiger, or switching on,
like having an orgasm
or ejaculating.
Or switching on for whatever
reason it's switching
on in balance with the
parasympathetic nervous system.
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza: So,
the parasympathetic nervous
system settles the body down.
But now the sympathetic
nervous system turns on
and here comes that energy.
It travels right up the
central nervous system.
And when it hits the brain stem,
switches on what's
called the thalamic gate.
The particular activating
system.
All that energy now
hits the train station,
the docking station,
where all the neurons go.
And boom it hits the neocortex.
And now you're producing
gamma brain like patterns.
And gamma brain waves are super
conscious brain wave patterns.
In other words, the inner
world is the real world.
The experience is so
profound energetically,
that you never forget
the moment.
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza: That's when
you rewrite the program.
That lady we showed having
ecstasy taking ecstasy
in the state of ecstasy
in her meditation she
was in high gamma.
>> Right.
>> Joe Dispenza: We were
watching her I was watching her
go we were watching her go from
alpha, alpha, theta, theta,
theta we looked at each other
and we were like, oh no.
Jeffrey and I and
all of a sudden.
Here it comes gamma
off the page.
>> Yes, and this is something
that often you won't even see
in really deep meditating
Buddhists monks, for example.
>> Joe Dispenza: Exactly.
>> I mean, that's
where it reflecting.
>> Joe Dispenza: Coherent.
>> Coherent.
>> Joe Dispenza: Gamma.
So then, the moment
that happens.
And that's energy.
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza: And the
sympathetic neurosystem is now
in complete balance with the
parasympathetic nervous system.
The thalamic gate is open.
The subconscious
is out of the way.
It's released.
And the energy is now
traveling to the thinking brain
and the person is
becoming super [inaudible].
You just took the dimmer
switch and went from 20 watts
to 50 watts, which is
normal, to 100 watts.
>> Right.
>> Joe Dispenza: And we saw that
in all the redness of the brain.
Her brain was full of energy.
And she was in a
state of catharsis.
She could control that,
but why would she want to.
Now, she's having an
orgasm in her head.
Her brain is having the orgasm.
And it's not chemical.
It's electromagnetic.
Now, here's what happens.
The moment that happens,
melatonin has to change.
Now it starts turning into all
of these amazing
neurotransmitters.
Melatonin is transmuted
in the alchemical
factory the pineal gland.
And it makes the chemical.
That is one of the strongest
antioxidants known to man.
In other words, just a little
tweak of the melatonin molecule,
and now you have an anti aging,
anti cancer, anti heart disease,
anti microbial,
anti neurodegenerative disease
chemical that's floating
through your bloodstream.
>> Is it HDH or something?
What is it?
>> Joe Dispenza: No.
It's antioxidants.
It's all those things.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Joe Dispenza: If you
stick a [inaudible] group
and twist it and turn it.
Then if you take melatonin
and you change it again
it creates a fossfill
[phonetic]luminous chemical.
The same chemical found
in the electric eel.
Now, what is that?
The neurons are just
filled with energy.
And there is a glow.
And the neurons now
are heightened
and they're storing energy.
And that's what gives
those colors
and patterns during
the experience.
And if you switch
that molecule again,
it turns into the
chemical that you find
in mammals that are hibernating.
In other words, no sex drive.
No appetite.
The body's in stasis.
You're no longer having any
drives or the time to dream.
Or the time to create a future.
When the body is no
longer in the mind.
Take that chemical
and tweak it again.
And it's the most powerful
hallucinogenic known to man.
And now you're talking
about the God molecule.
You're talking about the
inner world as the real world.
And now you are walking
into a dimension.
And this is where you go from
space time into time space.
And that's the vision quest
or the lucid experience
or whatever mystical moment
that has been talked about for.
Typically we it takes a little
bit to get people to this point.
But when the neurotransmitters
change, the chemicals are
down causation the
downward causation
of a shifted consciousness.
And when that happens,
holy hell,
because the person
will never be the same.
I've had experiences.
I understand them.
And you can't go
back to business
as usual after a few of those.
>> Okay. And you just
dropped it in passing early
on that you have had these
experiences where you just had
to say, "Oh, when I'm
out of my body " okay.
Well, woah, woah, woah hold on.
What were you saying?
So, I had assumed that, also,
this is the cross over period
that makes that kind
of experience available
to one, right?
>> Joe Dispenza: Yes.
I think, you know, my interest
is to demystify this, right?
>> Right.
>> Joe Dispenza: Right?
>> Let's demystify it.
>> Joe Dispenza: I mean,
in information you teach
people information.
You teach them how to do it.
And then it creates
transformation.
You can measure transformation.
That's more information to
teach transformation better
because it can close the gap.
So, excuse me in one of
our advanced workshops,
we actually did extensive
meditation.
One of the things I've realized
in my own personal experience is
that you have to go past the
point where you want to lay
down in your meditation.
There comes a point where
you want to lay down
and you want to give up, stop.
If you go a little bit pass
that point and you stay up sit
up a little bit longer.
And then you lay down.
And you can do it
early in the morning.
Because the neurotransmitters
are just right.
They're not quite melatonin and
they're not quite serotonin.
They're in between.
And if you get up and do
your meditation early enough,
and sit up for a certain period
of time and then lay down,
the light show is
going to begin.
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza: And so,
I started having these mystical
experiences a couple years ago.
And I would literally they were
so unusual that I had to go back
to my quantum physics
books and begin to look
at what exactly what
was going on.
But I wasn't taking any drugs.
My brain was the
pharmacy, in a sense.
And I was having these
Kundalini experiences.
And I was it was like
I was getting plugged
into a light socket.
Like someone plugged me
into the electricity socket.
And I can feel every single cell
of my body turning
on all at once.
And it was like somebody
took that dial and turned it
up and it was amazing.
So, there was a signature
energetically
of love that came with that.
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza:
It was the thing
that I became the
most interested in.
Because when I started having
these experiences, Regina,
the first thing I realized was
like I got this all
wrong [chuckles].
I really had it all wrong
because this intelligence
is so incredibly loving.
And it's who we are.
We're just separate from it.
We're particle instead of wave.
When your nervous
system tunes into that
and the electromagnetism comes
with it the only way you can
describe it is that you are
so present, so conscious,
and so in love with the idea
of being alive that you
don't want anything else.
You can't want in that moment.
Because if you started to want,
you would lose the feeling.
So, you can't want.
All you can do is be, right?
And love. So I started
having these experiences.
And then I started thinking,
well maybe we should
be able to teach this.
So I started to research
on the neuroendocrinology
and what it took, and then
brain chemistry at the time.
And then I had to start
explaining what the heck was
happening to me.
And so, that's how
I got the involved.
>> Wow. I mean, this brings
up so many different
paths we can go on.
And one of them, we were
talking at the very beginning
about our non linear selves,
that go out from space
time to time space.
And you've had these
you call them slippages,
back and forth between the two.
I've had some of these as well.
And these experiences
involuntarily.
Meditation I just need
to lie down for a minute.
And you think you're
going back to sleep.
And you're rolling
in a field of plaid.
You know? Or whatever.
But, what kind of slippage were
you talking about between these?
I won't say dimensions,
into this non linear space.
>> Joe Dispenza: Well, I think
the biggest lie we've been ever
told is that we're linear
beings living a linear life.
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza: I just the
moment I had my first couple
of these experiences.
I know we are dimensional
beings living
in a very dimensional
experience of reality.
And all of this indoctrination
is to keep us from that.
Because once the game is
up, you can't ever go back
to being the same person.
So, this reality this
dimension that we live
in is called space time.
Space is eternal.
Space is the field.
And you and I experience
time by moving through space.
So if I'm going to go here
to the door, I have to get up
and walk through space.
And when I walk through space,
I'm going to experience time.
I have an interview
later on today.
I know what's going to
happen because I'm going
to literally walk through
space to experience that time.
So, in this dimension, we could
say that space is the field
and time is the river.
And so, we move.
We experience time as
we move through space.
Got it? In the inverse
reality, it's actually opposite.
In other words, time
is everywhere.
Time goes on forever.
And you experience space
when you move through time.
See I [inaudible] time is the
field and space is the river,
then all of space
is enfolded in time.
So, when you change your
speed in this dimension.
If we go fast from here to
the door, the faster we move,
the less time it takes.
All right?
So we can change time by
moving it through speed.
Well, in this dimension
where everything is vibration
of electromagnetism, the faster
your vibration is the speed the
different levels of
space you experience.
So, all of space is stacked
on top of each other here.
It's all happening in now
because time is everywhere.
There is no time.
So everything's happening
in this moment.
And so, different
levels of consciousness
and different levels
of energy allow us
to experience these
different levels of space.
So, the you that's in
the Egyptian period
and the you that's
in the future,
is all lined up simultaneously.
And when you start slipping
through these dimensions,
you live.
And when I say live, I'm saying
that it is as real as this.
>> Yes, okay.
>> Joe Dispenza: You
know who you are.
And the person that you're
married to or the person
that you work with or your
best friend is wearing a
different face.
And you understand your
agreement that you negotiated
in all of those other places.
So you have a few of
those experiences.
And you start to no longer care
about your checking account,
the car you drive,
what you look like.
Because you realize
that you look
like somebody else
in another place.
And some of the issues and some
of the challenges that you have
in this life, you're
experiencing
in that exact same way.
And the choices you make
here affect the choices
that are happening there.
And we could say that there's
only past lives and future lives
in this dimension in space time.
In that dimension,
there is no past life.
This is all happening now.
I don't know how else to say it.
But, as you begin to change
your consciousness, you can slip
into different spaces,
different realities.
And experience aspects
of yourself that are just
like this wonderful
kaleidoscope of possibilities.
>> And when we do this.
When we go into what we commonly
call a past life experience via
whatever means, spontaneously
through regression or whatnot.
There does to seem
to be this element
of time associated with it.
Because you could look it
up in the history books.
Like the young fellow,
James I forgot his last name
who was the pilot
during World War II.
Came back and went to meet with
all his mates and now they're
in their 70's and he's what?
8, 9 years old.
Full memory.
And you could say,
in a linear sense,
that happened 60 years ago.
Or whatnot.
But you're saying is this it's
abstract to say there isn't
that it didn't happen
60 years ago.
Because this is all
happening right now.
>> Joe Dispenza:
It's still happening.
>> It's just still happening.
>> Joe Dispenza: He just
brought the memory from there.
>> It's almost like
a theoretical debate
on one level, even if it's true.
Right? I mean, does it
give us some advantage
to thinking past or future?
>> Joe Dispenza: I think one
of the cool things about it is
that you can experience
future times too.
In that we think
that time is fixed.
You know, we think it's linear.
It not fixed.
And so, you have to have
the moment to understand,
when you have the experience,
that what you are doing right
now is actually affecting all
of your past, present,
and future lives.
Your moment in your
meditation, your moment to give,
your moment to serve,
your moment to love right
now affects both your future
as well as your past.
And when you get
a little glimpse.
There's the point
whether it's the past life
or the now life that's in the
past, or possibly in the past
when you have that moment
of expression of self,
you bring that back with you.
The knowledge of you
as a soul is amplified.
You have more understanding
to help you execute
that this is an illusion
that we're living in.
So it no longer comes about
getting to the top of the heap
or succeeding or being
the most whatever.
All of a sudden you're realizing
now it's about how you're going
to make a difference or how
you're going to contribute
or how you're going to cultivate
an aspect of self to help you
in this life and all
of those other lives
that are happening
simultaneously.
So, we've created the
conditions for this in one
of our advanced workshops.
Where the stories
are off the charts.
Because people would
just get it.
They just get who they are.
>> And when you get
that when you're in sync
and that connection is in
tact you're given very clear
information regularly on
which to make decisions.
And information flows through.
I mean, for everyone
it's different.
Some people say, "Oh my
guides are speaking to me."
Or whatnot.
It could be also our higher
selves speaking to us.
It can be an external being
speaking with a [inaudible].
Once you go into that state of
grace as it work, where you're
in that open field
of possibilities,
you begin to see,
hear, simply know.
As information is being
flowed through to you.
And then free will then seems
to be more how we handle
the choices to what to do
with that information as it
comes from a higher source.
>> Joe Dispenza: Well,
knowledge is empowerment.
Knowledge about self
is self-empowerment.
>> Right.
>> Joe Dispenza: So, I'm
not talking about knowledge.
Like you may want to argue
quantum super and position.
Right?
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza: Some
people do that and I've sat,
drank martinis with quantum
physicists to sun rise
and nobody's changed
at the end of it.
But having the experience
with [inaudible] which is what
that is then you begin
to realize there's a
oneness to all of this.
I don't know how else
to describe that.
But there's a oneness that
allows us to understand that,
through experience, the
mystery of who we are.
So the knowledge then becomes
the precursor to the experience.
Of but the truth is, the
biology, the neuroendocrinology,
the quantum physics, the
brain wave explanation,
physiology all has a
justifiable pattern
that we can begin to emulate.
We can begin to teach and
for certain times you have
to go past your fatigue.
That's what I was
trying to say earlier.
Like, the zen monks
that take the zen monks
and give them a [inaudible] and
make them sit up for three days
and focus on the [inaudible].
And they're thinking with
their conscious mind.
And they're pushing
and and they're pushing
and they're pushing
with love and all
of a sudden they
finally surrender.
What is that surrender?
The ego finally just gets out
of the way and that's the moment
that the monk has
the realization
or the martial artist
does something amazing
or the athlete.
Something happens that's
not a greater aspect
of energy between.
So that, time stops when
that occurs because all
of a sudden things slow down
or the moment is elongated,
is the best way to say it.
And so, when the moment is
elongated like that, you know,
Einstein said, "Time and
space are not conditions
in which we live, but
modes in which we think."
And [inaudible] to
time is altered.
And you have access
to more time.
[Chuckles].
That's the only way
I can say it.
Yes.
>> so that makes sense.
Because when you're
in that state
that altered state
of consciousness.
Or you might say normal state
of consciousness where there is
that expansion and
that no thing.
Time you experience time
totally differently.
>> Joe Dispenza: Absolutely.
>> It's just so there
is there is well,
there's no such thing as time.
It's just the state of
grace that is perpetual.
You have to almost jerk
yourself back into this hard
and fast linear reality
from that place,
because what wants
to come out of it?
Yes. The real beauty of life,
the real dance is to open that,
connect with it, and
maintain it while we're living
in this linear third
dimensional experience.
Right?
>> Joe Dispenza: I
always say listen,
you have a mystical experience.
If you can't integrate it into
your life, it's not mystical.
>> Right.
>> Joe Dispenza: I mean, someone
who is, you know schizophrenic,
has a lot of mystical
experiences.
And they are mystical
But you can't function in
your world, what good is it?
>> Right.
>> Joe Dispenza: So, you got to
be able to take that experience
and then methodically say ask
the question well, what am I?
Right? We're only
limited by the questions.
And then becoming possessed by
wanting to know the answers.
Wanting to go deeper.
I think that after a few
experiences like that,
parts of our brain that
have been dormant now again,
this is my theory parts of our
brain that have been shut off
and dormant are turned on.
And now you're looking look
you're looking through,
you're looking through
a different lens now.
Because you only
perceive what's mapped
in your brain neurologically
and what you emotionally
have experience of.
Emotion becomes the filter.
And the circuitry
becomes the focus.
And so then you have
an experience
of space time in time space.
All of a sudden you
activate the circuitry.
You're looking the lens
changes from experience,
and the body changes
from experience.
The circuitry changes
You're focusing on you're
not focusing on so much
that particle, you're
focusing on the wave
and the possibilities.
So your lens broadens and
your [inaudible] sharpens.
And that then alters
your perception,
which alters your beliefs.
Which alters your attitude.
Which alters your
thoughts and feelings.
Which alters which is altered
from your memories
or experiences.
>> So, let's talk
about Kundalini then.
Where does the Kundalini
experience fit
in this whole blossoming
and moving the energy upward
and upward until
there is a connection
with the non linear self?
>> Joe Dispenza: Well, I
think you know, I was talking
about it a little bit when I was
saying, you know, to travels,
but my experience
of the Kundalini is actually
evoking a sleeping giant.
It's actually evoking
that energy.
That sleeping dragon in there.
And so, if your five
percent conscious mind
and 95 percent subconscious mind
and the body has been
conditioned to be in line
and you memorize emotions
from your past, you know,
you have an experience
that creates a mood
and a temperament.
It becomes the person
because you're reacting
with one long emotional state.
And your body is
in the past, right?
So, the emotions then
run layer by layer.
And the emotions are energy.
So there's all this
energy stored in the body.
So, here's five percent
and here's 95 percent.
So then as you begin to coax
that energy from the body.
Because remember, going
to surviving to creation
from particle to wave.
From matter to energy.
And you have a target
to begin to elevate
that energy and draw it up.
Whether through a breath or
through discipline in some way.
You are your breath or
intention becomes the act
of using your body as an
instrument of consciousness.
And instead of letting that
energy leak out as an orgasm
or leak out in digestion or
leak out none of those are bad
by the way but if you're making
the conscious effort to turn
that energy and drive it in a
different direction and draw it
up in a different direction.
That the action with
intention will start
to the disturb that energy.
Will start to loosen
that energy.
And if you and I can get
out of the way like really,
as an identity become
nobody, nothing selfless.
>> Right.
>> Joe Dispenza: Then energy has
to go back from where it came.
And 95 percent of
where the emotions
and addictions are stored.
And the habituations
and patterns
and information are locked in
there, the particles are going
to unravel into energy.
And that unraveling of
energy is going to go
from these lower
hormonal [inaudible].
Hit the heart.
Continue up.
Intercourse with the brain.
And then it's going
to draw a field.
And that field is going
to draw right back up.
And you're going to start
to create this [inaudible].
And that's the functional
creation of the university
where you become your
own individual force.
Your own individual
electromagnetism.
And in workshops, we
show pictures of this.
What people get what they're
doing is not a blind act
of Kundalini.
And we had one lady just have
the most amazing Kundalini.
One of our workshops.
I was watching her, you know.
I was watching her do it.
And we do a certain degree
of discipline with it.
I was watching her and I
knew it was going to happen.
And that energy went
right into her brain
and then it happened again.
And it happened again.
And we sat down and had dinner.
She came and sat with for
the dinner with my staff.
And she leaned over to my
assistant and she said,
"Another one of those and I'm
not going to need a husband.
>> [chuckles] exactly.
Now, oddly.
I had this strange experience
with the notion of Kundalini.
This was many years ago.
Probably 25, 30 years ago.
And I was told by a
respected intuitive source,
that not to engage
in Kundalini yoga.
And I thought I didn't
know anything about it
so it didn't mean much to me.
Years later, not
paying attention,
a girlfriend invites
me to a yoga class.
It turns out it's
Kundalini yoga.
We're doing the breath
of fire and so forth.
But what happened to me was
that I couldn't I separated.
I'm sitting next to myself.
And I can't find myself
way back into my body.
There were two of there.
Couldn't find my
way back to my body.
Couldn't find my shows.
Couldn't figure out how to write
a check or how to drive home.
It was quite a deal before I
can get it together enough.
And they just kept
the building open
until I could reintegrate
with someone.
So what's happening there?
>> Joe Dispenza: Well, I mean,
how many bodies do you have?
>> Yes, exactly.
>> Joe Dispenza: So you just
woke up in another body.
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza: That's all.
I mean, really, that's
what happened.
But the interesting thing behind
it all is that, this whole idea
of Kundalini's bad for
you that's an old stigma
that you're going
to get possessed
and there's just a bunch of
crap that goes on with that.
But listen when that
energy starts to move,
it's a moving locomotive.
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza: And if you were
going to be baptized, then fine.
I'm going to tell
you from experience,
I've had about a hundred of
cases, hundreds of experiences.
And I have been knocked
unconscious.
I have been knocked
through doors.
I have been electrocuted.
I have I mean, the list goes on.
>> It sounds fun so far.
>> Joe Dispenza: And
I can control it.
But why would I want to?
>> Right.
>> Joe Dispenza: I mean, why
would I want to control that?
So, the first time it happens,
there's an element of fear.
Like, you are it's an
unknown, so people get afraid.
But if I'm telling you if you
surrender to it completely,
it will baptize you in a level
of energy that's off the chart.
And you can't return back to the
same self after that experience.
And when that electromagnetism
lights
up for every cell of our body.
You know, that flash of light.
The next thing you're altered.
That is really using the body in
the proper way as an instrument.
Now you're beginning
to now you're beginning
to marry your conscious mind
with your subconscious mind.
Now we're beginning to become
more electric and less energy.
And now, you're creating a
level of coherence around you
that creates [inaudible].
Now you're no longer living
by the laws of thermodynamics.
You're living by
the laws of energy.
And I don't care if you eat
the chocolate bar, I don't care
if you drink the poison.
I don't care.
Your body is immune now
because your body is more
of an energetic field now.
And that's what the mystics
have been talking about.
>> Okay, so.
Of all the work that
you've done.
The books you've
written and so forth.
Which of the books would
you recommend for people
who are listening
to this, saying yes,
I want to have a direct
relationship with my true self.
I want to bring the
Kundalini energy up and go
for the wild ride of expansion.
Or which of your work or
other work would you recommend
that people start turning to?
>> Joe Dispenza: Well,
as far as my work,
I think breaking the
habit of being yourself,
how to lose your mind
and creating oneness is a
good foundation for people.
I think, though, I think
if you take that knowledge
and you begin to develop some
of the meditations it'll
begin to wet your whistle.
But come to the workshops.
Because the workshops I push
people where they normally stop.
Because right on the other
side of that is the miraculous.
So, you'll learn how to do that
in our workshops that we teach.
You know? And people
are doing it.
People are having
amazing experiences.
>> And it's being proven now.
Because you have all
this wonderful technology
to prove that it's happening.
>> Joe Dispenza: Well, you know.
That's what I want to do.
I mean, as I've said,
information.
If you can teach and
apply that information
and instruct people how to use
that information, you're going
to see a transformation.
If we can measure that
transformation in EEG's
or heart [inaudible] or
coherence or whatever we use.
[Inaudible] that new information
that we just measured helps us
to teach transformation better.
We continue then
to close the gap.
And that's when we
start demystifying.
>> Yes.
>> Joe Dispenza: So that
you don't have to be a monk.
You don't have to be a nun.
You don't have to be
a spiritual person.
You could be a person
that works in an office.
But you're passionate about it
and now everybody
has the access to it.
>> Yes. Okay we only have
about five minutes left.
And one area I really wanted
to get into, but we are having
so much fun it's not
happened until [inaudible].
So we all have a
possibility with our children
and our grandchildren to
essentially baptize them
into this new way of
connecting with self.
And not to accept the
societal structures.
And as you say, the
entropy that comes with it.
You've raised three kids.
What are the top tenets that
you adhere in rasing them?
>> Joe Dispenza: Give children
the facts they interpret
the loss.
If they're young enough,
and they're brains are
so neuroplastic, their
functioning in theta and alpha,
for the most part all
that information is
going in on analyze.
So it's encoded into
subconscious.
Never ever teach your children
anything that you cannot do.
Get down there and
do it with them.
And watch this little soul
catch on as quickly as you.
Next, if you want your
children to be great,
demonstrate greatness.
They have a type neurons
called mirror neurons.
>> Mirror neurons.
>> Joe Dispenza: Mirror neurons
are called empathy neurons.
When your feeding
your [inaudible] kid
when they were young,
you took the spoon
and you went like this.
And you were doing that
because you wanted them
to model your behavior.
A lioness who's teaching
her cubs
to hunt shows them how to do it.
And when they watch
the lioness do it,
they turn on the same circuits
as if they're doing it.
So you can't say to your
kid, "Clean your room."
And have a messy room.
You can't say, "Stop being
an emotional basket case."
And you're an emotional
basket case.
Because they're watching
and you're not.
And there's research to show
that when people watch sports
players, that they turn
on the same parts of the
brain as if they're doing it.
Watching a great golfer
makes your game better.
Watching a great dancer
makes you a better dancer.
Watching a great parent execute
greatness makes the person a
great person.
So then, your neurons are the
fastest path to enlightenment
as a parent or a grandparent
is to demonstrate greatness
with your children in
every area of your life.
And if you can't do it, get
down on their level and say,
"I'm trying to overcome my own
frustration and anger today."
And they will say to you,
"I'm trying to overcome
my judgment and anger."
And they will tell you.
And then say, "Okay,
let's make a pact.
Let's work on this together.
How are you going to do it?
Let's create a strategy
and repeat it to me.
I'm going to try this.
Why don't you try that."
And now you have at a
game that they're in.
And use stories as allegories to
teach them because as they begin
to think about and associate
and plan their behaviors
through the allegory,
they'll identify
with them in characters.
So when you understand what
your child's limitation is
and you tell them a story of a
little child in a mystical land
in a faraway place, that
overcomes something.
And you take them through the
process of how they did it.
They will demonstrate it.
Because you're installing
the circuits in their brain.
To allow them to
follow that path
because now the knowledge
is there.
>> They're a mirror,
essentially.
For their experience
around the mirror neurons.
I had not heard the term
mirror neurons before.
Okay, one last question.
A couple minutes left here.
You have traveled in the
past the past as we call it.
The near future into the now.
But what looks like would appear
to be the future you're looking
at these children now.
We are looking at
what happened to them.
How do you see in terms of
all this ability to express
and create the humanity
of the future.
>> Joe Dispenza: I think there's
a strong intellectual division.
Some children are lost in the
[inaudible] of technology.
And the emotional rush they
get from dope I mean, texting
and adrenaline from
computer games.
They're going to look
for things in their life
to make them pleasurable
and happy.
And the crisis from
that happens.
They're going to start
using things outside
of them to change.
The other half of children
are asking bigger questions.
Why are we doing this?
How did we end up here?
What is the meaning?
And those kids are
more sensitive.
They're more in touch.
They're more ethics based.
They can care less
about the same things
that adults our age care about.
They don't care about
competition.
They don't care about success.
They care about meaning.
And meaning equals values.
And I think that other
half those children
that are interested
in values will begin
to really change the paradigm.
And they're our future.
So, invest in them.
Invest in their ideas.
>> Is that what your
kids are like?
>> Joe Dispenza: Yes.
I have pretty cool kids.
>> [chuckles] my son too.
It's one of the people I most
admire for being brave enough
to let the moment just
show itself to him.
>> Joe Dispenza: Absolutely.
>> Thank you so much.
I appreciate it.
Until next time.
>> Joe Dispenza: All right.
Thank you.
>> Thank you so much.
I hope these conversations
have given you a new,
more comprehensive view
of evolving your
own brain and mind.
You might want to go back to my
previous interview with Dr. Joe,
which addresses evolving
your brain.
As well as my last
conversation with him,
if you haven't already seen it.
Some call the mind
the final frontier.
So it's up to us to
be the gate keeper
of what goes in and
what goes out.
Until next time.
Thank you for joining
us here on Guyana TV.
[ Music ]